Molmo Requirements (#17026)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/source/models/supported_models.md

These models are what we list in <project:#supported-text-models> and <project:#supported-mm-models>.

### AllenAI Molmo-7B-D-0924 (multi-modal)

⚠️ Accuracy Note: For improved output quality (especially in object localization tasks), we recommend using the pinned dependency versions listed in [`requirements/molmo.txt`](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/blob/main/requirements/molmo.txt).\
These versions match the environment that achieved consistent results on different GPUs.\
_Note: This setup currently works with `vllm==0.7.0`._

> 

Reviewer: Let's put this with the other notes in the multi-modal models section

- `base_model_tp_plan` is a `dict` that maps fully qualified layer name patterns to tensor parallel styles (currently only `"colwise"` and `"rowwise"` are supported).
- `base_model_pp_plan` is a `dict` that maps direct child layer names to `tuple`s of `list`s of `str`s:

>   - You only need to do this for layers which are not present on all pipeline stages

Author: Updated

**To enable multiple multi-modal items per text prompt in vLLM V0**, you have to set `limit_mm_per_prompt` (offline inference)
or `--limit-mm-per-prompt` (online serving). For example, to enable passing up to 4 images per text prompt:

### AllenAI Molmo-7B-D-0924 (multi-modal)

⚠️ Accuracy Note: For improved output quality (especially in object localization tasks), we recommend using the pinned dependency versions listed in [`requirements/molmo.txt`](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/blob/main/requirements/molmo.txt).  
These versions match the environment that achieved consistent results on both A10 and L40 GPUs.  
_Note: This setup currently works with `vllm==0.7.0`._

> 

Reviewer: Can you move this after the table? Where the other notes are.

Author: Do you mean inside `Model Support Policy` ?

Author: If yes, then done!

Reviewer: No, I mean near L1084

Author: ok done

You can enable it by passing `--mm-processor-kwargs '{"do_pan_and_scan": True}'`.
:::

### AllenAI Molmo-7B-D-0924 (multi-modal)

⚠️ Accuracy Note: For improved output quality (especially in object localization tasks), we recommend using the pinned dependency versions listed in [`requirements/molmo.txt`](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/blob/main/requirements/molmo.txt).  
These versions match the environment that achieved consistent results on both A10 and L40 GPUs.  
_Note: This setup currently works with `vllm==0.7.0`._

> 

Author: done

> 

Reviewer: How about alphabetical ordering?

To use `TIGER-Lab/Mantis-8B-siglip-llama3`, you have to pass `--hf_overrides '{"architectures": ["MantisForConditionalGeneration"]}'` when running vLLM.
:::

:::{warning}

> AllenAI Molmo-7B-D-0924 (multi-modal)
> 
> ⚠️ Accuracy Note: For improved output quality (especially in object localization tasks), we recommend using the pinned dependency versions listed in [`requirements/molmo.txt`](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/blob/main/requirements/molmo.txt).  
> These versions match the environment that achieved consistent results on both A10 and L40 GPUs.  
> _Note: This setup currently works with `vllm==0.7.0`._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For improved output quality of `AllenAI/Molmo-7B-D-0924` (especially in object localization tasks), we recommend using the pinned dependency versions listed in <gh-file:requirements/molmo.txt> (including `vllm==0.7.0`). These versions match the environment that achieved consistent results on both A10 and L40 GPUs.
```

Finally some nits
